before I do get into today's video I
would like to point out that this is for
both the new people of destiny and for
the people that already exists in in
destiny and they want to get the
character to rank 20 really quickly
another thing I'd like to point out is
this does not involve doing this story
on hard mode I've seen a lot of YouTube
videos out there saying to get to rank
20 quick by doing this story on hard
mode now I admit this is a good and
efficient way to rank up but one it can
take quite a while and for the new
people of Destiny it can be quite
challenging and not an option as it just
be too hard for them now the best way to
rank up in my opinion is by doing the
crucible now for you new players of
destiny will have to get to rank 5 to
get the crucible unlocked and it will
involve doing some story mode to get to
rank 5 but you can just do it on easy
any of it and what crucible is for your
new people it is pvp player versus
player the best gamers to play once you
have unlocked crucible is clash or
Rumble clashes team deathmatch rumble is
free for to put it in simple terms and
they usually last for about six minutes
max or three minutes if you have a good
team and no matter what you will get
4000 XP per game even if you win or lose
and even if you're bad at destiny this
is good because you could just play the
game try and get a couple of kills and
you'll get 4000 XP at the end anyway now
another thing I would recommend doing is
doing the first mission on earth if you
are new to destiny you would have
already done this to get to rank 5 to
unload the crucible and if you're an
existing player do the first mission on
earth because what this will do it will
unlock the privilege to do PvE bounties
now what PvE bounties are are the
basically bounties for the story mode
like six patrol missions on the earth
100 enemies of out dying and a hundred
position shots now bounties for your new
people are basically them side missions
and when you turn them in you'll get a
bit of XP for them brains you between
2,500 and up to 5000 XP now bounties
usually unlock at about rank 5 10 and 15
and you only get about one two or three
at these levels but they are really
really good and efficient to do so I do
recommend doing their bounties to it
ranked 5 10 and 15 because if you play
in the crucible and you get to rank 5 go
to the tower and see if you got any
bounties rank 10 go to the tower and so
on rank 15 now that mine in my honest
opinion is the best way to rank up just
do crucible and do any boundaries you
can get when you unlock them now also
the benefits of
not doing the story mode is also after
rank 20 and you actually get some light
gear and stuffing you want to rank up
this light level gear really quickly you
could one do the bounties once you are
ranked 20 and also you can use a story
mode which you have not done put it on a
hard difficulty and get the XP for
completing the missions which are then
gives the upgrades for your armor and
weapons so that has been pretty much it
I hope you did enjoy this kind of the
toil on how to get to rank 20 quick I
hope it does work for you guys and I
hope I did help you out this has been
violated and I will see you all in my
next video
I